How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	It made the bug easier to spot, which in turn shortened the time needed
	to find the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	It would make it possible to do a rollback to any previous version of
	the code, which would make it easier to find bugs and correct mistakes
	in the code. Writing error-free code would therefore be faster, making
	me a more efficient programmer.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Pros:
	- You have a logical version for each save
	- You can choose how often you save, thus controlling the number of versions
	Cons:
	- You have to remember to save versions manually
	- You have to decide when to save a version
	
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git allows saving multiple files because it focuses on coding files,
	which can often be interrelated. Google Docs, on the other hand, does
	not focus on coding files, and therefore treats each file separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	You can use the command git log to view all the saved versions of the
	files in the repository. You can use the command git diff to compare
	two of these versions and find out which lines were added and which
	lines were deleted.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	Using version control would make me more confident because I would know
	that even if I introduced a code-breaking bug with a change, I could
	easily find out which version and which lines in the code introduced the
	bug, and I could therefore fix it afterwards.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to try it for all my coding projects, starting with my Android
	applications.
